
Ok as of 4:18 am the underlying game model is very close to being finished if not already acceptable.

Max if you want to do anything else with the model look at the helper attack method notes I left about making a method
to target the enemy Farthest along in the path not just closest to the attacking tower. Also you could create a GameLaunch class
that will create a Server, create a client, connect them, and let the player actually play the game once that is ready.

Brody I have (4ish) Commands for you to make and send/execute in methods in the GameServer. I don't know how many you have
to make for the GameClient to Server for things like selecting a level, attempting to add/sell a tower, etc.

Desone I made Enemy so that it contains an updated progress variable (% done with moving across tile) and a directionFacing
enum N, W, E, S, so you can just draw a static image of it every update without having to keep track of enemies or animate them.
Also if you can make the image for Map0 (just a 5 row x 10 column with path straight across row 2 [0,1,2 so 3 rows down in middle]) 
and add the String url of it to Map0 we need that. Also add the String url of cubone image to CeruleanGym for now.
And I think for simplicity and good practice we should just send everything to the GUI every time the tick updates
and have it only responsible for painting static images with the exception of attack animations. Also every time Player's
HP or $ changes both will be sent to GUI, if you can just display them in a corner as JLabels.

We have a very good chance of being able to finish Iteration 1 requirements today, the model already does all of them when a
Level0 object is instantiated on the server, all we need to do is show that it is happening with the GUI on the client side.
Or do some text based representation if we can't finish GUI communication in time.
Someone Email our Project Manager with some hour or so notice if you think we will be ready by like 5-6 pm today to demo it.

I'll be asleep till like 10 am and can help explain anything when I wake up. Good luck guys let's do this.
-Peter


@ Max Justice
TODO:
continue looking of more impages of maps and gyms and pokemon
set up the maps and paths for the gyms
implement the attack images for the towers

